README updates (#923)
Joystream/joystream: README.md

```sh
# Install rust toolchain
./setup.sh

# Install npm package dependencies
# Also good habit to run this when switching between branches
yarn install

# run some tests
yarn cargo-checks
```

## Software

**Substrate blockchain**

- [joystream-node](./node)
- [runtime](./runtime)
- [runtime modules](./runtime-modules)

**Server Applications - infrastructure**

- [Storage Node](./storage-node) - Media Storage Infrastructure
- [Query Node](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/tree/query_node/query-node) - _under development_
- [Discovery Node](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/tree/init_discovery_node/discovery_node) - _under development_

**Front-end Applications**

- [Pioneer](./pioneer) - Main UI for accessing all Joystream features
- [Atlas](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/tree/init_atlas/atlas) - Media Player- _under development_

**Tools and CLI**

- [joystream-cli](./cli) - CLI for community and governance activities

**Testing infrastructure**

- [Network integration](./tests/network-tests) - Joystream network integration testing framework

## Exploring the network with Pioneer

Pioneer is currently the main web interface to interact with the network:

> We currently host it on: https://testnet.joystream.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently hosted on: https://testnet.joystream.org
```

You may have to disable some privacy/ad-blocker extensions in your browser for proper functionality, especially when browsing media.

You can also run a local development instance:

The HEAD of the master branch should always be used for the correct version of the applications to connect to the current testnet:

```sh
git checkout master
yarn install
yarn workspace pioneer start
```

This runs a local development web server on port 3000.

Use the link below to browse the network using the publicly hosted endpoint:
http://localhost:3000/?rpc=wss://rome-rpc-endpoint.joystream.org:9944/

## Running a local full node

You can also run your our own joystream-node:

```sh
git checkout master
cargo build --release
cargo run --release -- --pruning archive --chain testnets/rome.json
```

Wait for the node to sync to the latest block, then change pioneer settings "remote node" option to "Local Node", or follow the link below:

http://localhost:3000/?rpc=ws://localhost:9944/

Learn more about [joystream-node](node/README.md).

> If you want to run a node as a validator on the testnet, checkout this [advanced guide](https://github.com/Joystream/helpdesk/tree/master/roles/validators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A step by step guide to setup a full node and validator on the Joystream testnet, can be found [here](https://github.com/Joystream/helpdesk/tree/master/roles/validators).
```

### Contributing

We have lots of good first [issues](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) open to help you get started on contributing code. If you are not a developer you can still make valuable contributions by testing our software and providing feedback and opening new issues.

> A description of our [branching model](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/issues/638) will help you understand where work on differnet software components happens, and where to direct your pull requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A description of our [branching model](https://github.com/Joystream/joystream/issues/638) will help you to understand where work on different software components happens, and consequently where to direct your pull requests.
```

> We rely on `eslint` for code quality of our javascript and typescript code, `prettier` for consistent formmating. For Rust we rely on `rustfmt` and `clippy`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We rely on `eslint` for code quality of our JavaScript and TypeScript code and `prettier` for consistent formatting. For Rust we rely on `rustfmt` and `clippy`.
```
